We need to create ui for our backend, Primarly create a simpilistic UI. 

Following are the functionalities that we would need.

Topic1
1. SignUp Page, where user enters their email name, password and confirm password, along with the username.
2. Once the user already creates the name, and signups, we need to allow signIn with the user and password.
3. Both SignUp and SignIn are both processed through the backend.
4. When the user tries to signIn and if the username/email is present and password is wrong show username and pasword combination is not present.
5. when user tries to signIn and the username is not present in the appwrite then route to SignUp page.

Topic2
1. Initial there should be a dashbord showing the user profile and the list of workspaces created.
2. the dashboard should be visual and well organised but very very simpilistic.

Topic3
1. Add a create a new workspace button, on click of the button new collecton_name is created and written in the appwrite.
2. Once a workspace is created then there is a option to upload pdf files only.
3. If one or more pdf files are uploaded then there is a should appear a "ASK Questions" button in the same space.
4. Once a pdf is uploaded and the "ASK QUESTIONS" button is visible, the upload option should still be present.
5. User should be able to toggle between the upload screen and chat screen, using a toggle button.

Topic4
1. The Chat Screen should be conversational, meaning bot and the user messages should be visble users on to right and bot's on to the left.
2. The conversation should always be passed as a context to the Agent.
3. Below should be a chat text box, with send botton to press and send to the Agent.
4. The design should be extremly simplistic and functionally superior.

Topic5
1. User should be able to create more than one chat in a given collection.
2. A chat should be autosaved in the chats table in appwrite db with unique combination of user_id and collection_id. 
3. A chat should be saved in a jsonb format with flow keys user and bot, in the same order that the conversation goes.
4. User should be able to delete the whole chat with the help of chat_id for a chat created and the same functionality should be applied backed to appwrite database chats.
5. A chat should be updated everytime the users asks a new question, with the help of chat_id.

Topic6
1. User should be able to go back to the dashboard at any point of time.
2. User should be able to see the list of workspaces they created, and also create new workspace botton should always be present on the top right.
3. When the user closes the tab and opens it, the if the given signIN credentials are in cache, then it should load the dashboard.
4. When a user select on a workspace from the workspace list, then all the pdf names uploaded on that collection should show up and also all the chat names too as a list.
5. when the user selects on the chat from the chat list then user should see the full conversation.


Make sure you make changes surgically, you may edit frontend and backend simulatneously, try to do it carefully and use advanced and condenced code with fucntional superiority and space optimization.
you may write code to create table on the flow if it does not exist, make sure you ask me the right questions whereever you have doubts